README.md, before:

# parsop
An Operator Grammar Parser Generator, written in Java.

## Goal
The goal of this project is to write a deterministic and simple parser generator
for Operator Grammars (Grammars in which *identifiers* are combined by *operators*).
The operators are applied according to precedence and associativity rules, to be
specified by the user. This project also seeks to support *group symbols* which are
not strictly speaking operators, but allow for syntactical manipulation of precedence
beyond that specified by the operators alone.

## Progress
Currently, the supported features are:
   - Arbitrary precedence classes and associativity rules within those classes.
   - Support for infix binary and prefix unary operations

Active developments is going on with:
   - Grouping symbols, under branch 'group'

Interesting paths of development might include:
   - Support for more interesting operator placement (like infix and postfix for
     binary operations, like A(B) or A[B] ).
   - Support for different types of identifiers, particularly names and literals,
     specified by regular expression.
   - Supporting a system that does not use whitespace as a required separation symbol

Commit message:

Added Error Reporting and testing to README

README.md, after:

# parsop
An Operator Grammar Parser Generator, written in Java.

## Goal
The goal of this project is to write a deterministic and simple parser generator
for Operator Grammars (Grammars in which *identifiers* are combined by *operators*).
The operators are applied according to precedence and associativity rules, to be
specified by the user. This project also seeks to support *group symbols* which are
not strictly speaking operators, but allow for syntactical manipulation of precedence
beyond that specified by the operators alone.

## Progress
Currently, the supported features are:
   - Arbitrary precedence classes and associativity rules within those classes.
   - Support for infix binary and prefix unary operations

Active developments is going on with:

Interesting paths of development might include:
   - Support for more interesting operator placement (like infix and postfix for
     binary operations, like A(B) or A[B] ).
   - Support for different types of identifiers, particularly names and literals,
     specified by regular expression.
   - Supporting a system that does not use whitespace as a required separation symbol
   - Automated Testing
   - Reporting failed parses in a more helpful fashion. What comes to mind is
     something like:
      Unexpected <+> after <+>:
      (1+1)++(2/3)
            ^

      OR

      Mismatched groupers <(> <]>:
      (1 + 1]
      ^     ^
